Design Explantation
Here I will discuss my assumptions about the database structure for the health and fitness club management system.
The explanations of entities along with their attributes and relationships will give a full picture of the idea behind the database.

Dependencies:
I did not need to show normalization changes because I strictly followed cardinality and had it mapped to avoid being out of normal standard for the tables.
From the onset I avoided composite or multivalued attributes to ensure tables were in 1NF.
Even after drawing the relational database schema, the tables and columns remained in 2NF as the non-prime attributes had full dependency only on primary
keys and no partial dependencies.
I ensured no table had trasitive dependencies to guarantee 3NF.

Entities:
Trainer - Mainly at the club for the purpose of training members and should have at least one member being trained. By definition, a trainer is employed 
by the club and works there but can also work in multiple locations. May also partake in workshops by leading them. Cannot be an administrator.

Administrator - In charge of members' subscription, payments and experience, oversees workshops, supervises equipment and may manage a location. By definition of 
being an administrator, they work at the club. Cannot be a trainer.

Member - Strictly a user of the fitness club and its services. Not a member or trainer.

Locations - Club consists of different branches.

Equipment - Any form of equipment owned by the club, although here we focus more on those that involve offering members services.

Workshop - Optional classes that are open for group activities or one-on-one sessions. Administrators and trainers are in charge but note that the workshops exist 
with or without active members. Generally they are loosely created but recorded so even if one does not have members at a time, it still remains an existing 
workshop on record.


Weak:
room - multipurpose rooms in different club locations popular for hosting workshops.
health - record of a member's health and fitness statistics.
achievement - goals attained by members that they may or may not record.

Relatioships:
works: Representing trainers and administrators working at any given location.For trainers, it is many-to-many as a single trainer may work at multiple locations and
any location may have many trainers. Each administrator may only owrk at one location but a location may have many administrators depending on capacity, number of 
members,etc.

trains - relationship between any given member and trainer. Every trainer registered on payroll and must be actively training a member, therefore it is assumed members
that choose to have trainers do so for a season.

hosts - Rooms may host workshops.

earns - relationship showing an achievement must be earned by a member as it is only defined on the members' success hence, achievement is considered a weak entity 
with total participation. One member may have many.

owns - relationship health and fitness stats with their member owner and as thus health can only exist as an extension of the owner making it a weak entity. One-to-
one relationship.

monitors - Key role of an administrator and thus every administrator should monitor at least one member. Exceptions can be made for newly hired administrators or in
cases of members leaving unexpectedly. For members enrolled, unkown to them, a single admin is in charge of their billing, subscription, wellness, etc.

supervises - Additional duty of admins is supervising the equipment. More importantly the ones open to regular use by members. 

registers - Additional duty of some administrators as each workshop needs to be registered by someone.

manages - Any singular admin at a location may be the assigned manager and every location must have at least one of its admins as the assigned manager.

houses - By default a room cannot exist without a building location but a location may not have "rooms" in the sense of rooms open to use of different activites separate 
from regular large communal spaces at the club. One to many between location and room.

leads - Action of trainer leading a workshop as every workshop must have a leader on record  from the gym. Any trainer may lead a workshop but no workshop has more 
than one trainer because there is an admin in charge as well.